readme.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]



<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git">
    <img src="public/img/home.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">Mobile apps marketplace</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Mobile apps marketplace allows you to manage / upload apps to a platform and customers can buy them.
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)


### Built With

* [![Vue][Vue.js]][Vue-url]
* [![Laravel][Laravel.com]][Laravel-url]
* [![Bootstrap][Bootstrap.com]][Bootstrap-url]
* [![JQuery][JQuery.com]][JQuery-url]


## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

### Installation

1. Get a free API Key at [https://example.com](https://example.com)
2. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git.git
   ```
3. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4. Enter your API in `config.js`
   ```js
   const API_KEY = 'ENTER YOUR API';
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## Roadmap

- [ ] Feature 1
- [ ] Feature 2
- [ ] Feature 3
    - [ ] Nested Feature

See the [open issues](https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).


[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin_username
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png
[Vue.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D
[Vue-url]: https://vuejs.org/
[Laravel.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white
[Laravel-url]: https://laravel.com
[Bootstrap.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[Bootstrap-url]: https://getbootstrap.com
[JQuery.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white
[JQuery-url]: https://jquery.com

Commit message:

Added portal seeder. Lado config

readme.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]



<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git">
    <img src="public/favicon.ico" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">Mobile apps marketplace</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Mobile apps marketplace allows you to manage / upload apps to a platform and customers can buy them.
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

## About The Project

[//]: # ([![Platform screen shot][product-screenshot]]&#40;https://example.com&#41;)


### Built With

* [![Vue][Vue.js]][Vue-url]
* [![Laravel][Laravel.com]][Laravel-url]
* [![Bootstrap][Bootstrap.com]][Bootstrap-url]
* [![JQuery][JQuery.com]][JQuery-url]


## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git.git
   ```
2. Install lando from https://lando.dev/ and run in terminal 
   ```sh
   cp .env.example .env && lando php artisan key:generate
   ```
3. run migrations and seeders
   ```sh
   lando php artisan migrate:refresh && lando php artisan db:seed
   ```
4. Visit https://apps-platform.lndo.site/ from the link in terminal to open the app.





See the [open issues](https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).


[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/git@github.com:stanislavkhatko/apps-portal.git/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin_username
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png
[Vue.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D
[Vue-url]: https://vuejs.org/
[Laravel.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white
[Laravel-url]: https://laravel.com
[Bootstrap.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[Bootstrap-url]: https://getbootstrap.com
[JQuery.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white
[JQuery-url]: https://jquery.com
